warmth, joy, nostalgia, sparks. i don't know why, but those are the first words that come to mind when i picture myself holding you close by. being around you gives me butterflies in my stomach, makes my heart beat faster, and my mind go blank. it's such an indescribable feeling of happiness, relief, and safety that you make me feel.

i love you because of how easy it is to be myself around you. i love that we can connect with each other through our shared lives in Japan, joking about daily struggles here, finding irritations with the home customs, and enjoying uni-life together (i'm still a uni student, mind you). you're relaxed, yet serious when it needs to be. you're sweet, yet harsh when the time calls for it. you're philosophical, yet realistic when discussing things logically. you make me feel like i'm making the most out of my youth, playing around on our dates and talking about life's beauties and struggles in-depth. your combination of your outlook on life and your personal history is something that creates deep, meaningful conversation that balances out the mundanities of everyday life. you bring colour into my life with your smile and your mind. it's these simple interactions that we have that allow me to open up more truly to you, to the point where i feel like i can talk about anything on my mind without worry and feel excited to hear about how you respond. i feel like i can go anywhere with you, do anything, and i can still feel like i'll be myself around you and have you accept me, no matter how i change. i'm truly and utterly grateful for you.

i love your compassion and your dreams. you are such a kind, caring person and everything you've told me about yourself, your family, and your upbringing has touched me on a deep, personal level. to be able to cry and sympathise for your family, to be able to welcome people as close, loved ones, and to have such an amazing community that supports you really reflects what a warm, kind heart you have. i admire you. i truly, truly love the person that you are and wish to be by your side to see how your personality shapes as time goes on. i'm touched by your attachment to Argentina and your dream to help the loved ones in your country. while i understand that this relationship is bittersweet, i can't help but want to support you in any way i can because i want to see you happy. just imagining you teach children in Argentina, giving them an education that serves as the foundation of their growth, really inspires me. even if you may not fully realise this goal, just know that i wanna be by your side to support you every step of the way.

i love how soft your hair feels, how squishy your cheeks are, how bright your eyes can be. i know looks are only a part of attraction, but i'm so happy to be able to claim that my girlfriend is the most beautiful girl in the world. the way your hair falls to your shoulders gives me butterflies, the way your thumb strokes my hand drives me crazy. you are everything i've dreamed about and no matter how you change, i'll always love you for you.

i could go on and on about how much i love you, but i wanna express it all to you in person, bit by bit, day by day, month by month, year by year. i wanna have this love bloom alongside you as i get to know you better. i fall in love with you every time i find out something new about you, a new side of you, a new fact about you. i love your family, your strength to be alone when it needs to be, and your commitment to your baito and uni. you really make a man want to learn spanish. you inspire me every day. you make me want to be a better person. you are someone i cherish and hold close to my heart.

i love you, wato.